Clarify the effect of the `-Zmiri-track-pointer-tag` flag in the README (#2316)
rust-lang/miri: README.md

  Borrows "protectors". Specifying this argument multiple times does not overwrite the previous
  values, instead it appends its values to the list. Listing an id multiple times has no effect.
* `-Zmiri-track-pointer-tag=<tag1>,<tag2>,...` shows a backtrace when a given pointer tag

>   is created or when it is popped from a borrow stack (which is where the tag becomes invalid 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is created and when (if ever) it is popped from a borrow stack (which is where the tag becomes invalid 
```
